# CS_250

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Interpreting user stories is somewhat linear. You begin by getting a baseline by asking your scrum team for input/feedback on said program. Additionally, asking previous end-users how their expierence was and if there were any issues they ran into should provide a solid foundation to build upon.
Additionally, creating user stories is important as it will let user voice their opinions. This will allow users to talk to the product owner without needing to know any of the scrum development process jargon. Then the product owner will analyze the user stories and translate the users idea from civilian jargon, into more technical terms that will give the devlopment team a good idea of the project ahead.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
There are a few ways to approach developing a program. Two of which that we learned about throughout this course was the waterfall and agile methodologies. While each methodology has its own pros and cons, I do believe that the agile methodology provides more benefits on average when compared to the waterfall approach. Moving forward I hope to incorporate a few agile processes. I believe that sprint planning and review are crucial to the devlopment process. Doing each of these, while also giving each team member an oppurtunity to freely speak their mind, should give everyone an accurate depiction of the product being built. Utilizing sprint reviews will allow the team to reflect on their previous development process and try to discuss and conquer any issues they may have run into throughout the process.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member in software development is equivalent to being a decent human being. Not only should you be completely receptive to others opinions, and really digest what is being said from your peers. Additionally, you should provide constructive criticism to your peers. Constructive criticism entails telling peers your issues but doing it in such a way where they will not feel like they are about to get fired or yelled at, but in a way that will motivate them to push themselves. Also, making sure that you are putting in as much work as you can while maintaining and health work-life balance. You should only ever reach out to a colleague for help after you have tried everything you can in your power, or when you have a deadline that is near.
